Part I

Q1. Explain top 5 rules in simple English.
Ans:
1) 92% of the time biscuits, frozen foods, pet foods, milk cream and vegetables are purchased together, bread and cake (a single item) is also purchased. 
2) 92% of the time baking needs, biscuits, milk cream, margarine, fruit and vegetables are purchased together, bread and cake (a single item) is also purchased.
3) 92% of the time biscuits, frozen foods, milk-cream, margarine, and vegetables are purchased together, bread and cake (a single item) is also purchased.
4) 92% of the time biscuits, canned vegetables, frozen foods, fruit and vegetables are purchased togther, bread and cake (a single item) is also purchased.
5) 92% of the time baking needs, frozen foods, milk-cream, margarine, fruit, and vegetablesa are purchased together, bread and cake (a single item) is also purchased.

Part 2

Q2. Explain the top 5 rules in simple English.
Ans:
1. 82% of the time baking needs, biscuits, sauces/gravy/pickle, frozen foods and tissue-paper are purchased together, the total bill is high.
2. 82% of the time bread and cake, biscuits, sauces/gravy/pickle, frozen foods, and tissue-paper are purchased together, the total bill is high.
3. 82% of the time bread and cake, baking needs, sauces/gravy/pickle, frozen foods and tissue-paper are purchased together, the total bill is high.
4. 81% of the time bread and cake, baking needs, biscuits, sauces/gravy/pickle and tissue-paper are purchased together, the total bill is high.
5. 80% of the time bread and cake, biscuits, sauces/gravy/pickle, tissue-paper and vegetables are purchased together, the total bill is high.

Q3. In what way are the rules generated by this task useful?
Ans: They tell us what combination of items when purchased together provide a high total. Assuming the supermarket finds it favorable to achieve a high total, it must attempt to increase the frequency with which these items are bought, and also bought together. On consulting a customer behaviour expert with this information, the proposed solution could be a combination of keeping the items close together (since research shows that increases their chance of being bought together) and keeping these items closer to the store entrance (for easier acces, thereby increasing the overall chance of it being bought).
 
However, it is important to note that the data scientist's conclusion is limited to suggesting what items need to be bought together and more often. It is up to the supermarket to consult the relevant specialists to determine how the data scientist's proposed goal is achieved, as this is generally beyond the field of expertise of the data scientist.
